FIRST LOOK: Cadillac reveal their debut livery for 2026 F1 season during Super Bowl
Cadillac have become the latest team to unveil the livery for their 2026 challenger.

Cadillac have unveiled their livery for the team’s debut season in Formula 1, with the design revealed during a television advert at the Super Bowl.

Amid the sporting action at the annual championship game of the National Football League (NFL) – this year held in Santa Clara, California and played between the New England Patriots and the Seattle Seahawks – Cadillac showcased the colours that will adorn their car in 2026.

The reveal marks the latest milestone for the American outfit before their first-ever campaign in F1.


Drivers Valtteri Bottas and Sergio Perez put their new challenger through its initial paces during the Barcelona Shakedown, where the car sported a special livery featuring the names of the founding members of the team from both the United States and the UK.

At the close of the event, Bottas hailed the squad’s running as “really valuable” and spoke of his pride over how everyone in the team was “working so hard”.

“We still have lots of problems to solve, and a bit of a mountain to climb, but we are getting there step by step,” the Finn explained. “Each run we’re getting better and more together as a team. Each run we are solving issues and going forward, so that’s good.”


Perez also reflected positively on what the outfit had learned at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya.

“We got a lot of running, a lot of information,” the Mexican said. “Still finding a few issues out there, which is great – it was all about that today. I think we are improving pretty much every run.

"We’re obviously starting to explore the car, the set-up, directions we want to be taking, so I think it’s starting well.”

Cadillac’s driver line-up for their first season also features Zhou Guanyu as a reserve driver, while former IndyCar star Colton Herta will hold a testing role.

Team Principal Graeme Lowdon leads the squad as they prepare for their maiden campaign, with the outfit set to join their competitors for pre-season testing in Bahrain between February 11-13 and February 18-20.